[Autogenerated] In our real world scenario, you are working at Globomantics.
Globomantics is a food delivery service.
They specialize in all kinds of food, including my favorite tacos.
And how do they deliver that food?
Well, they have applications that run on servers,
and today those servers are running on premises.
But they do want to start moving those applications to the
cloud and the tool they want to use to do that.
You guessed it.
It's terra form and the cloud is AWS.
So let's talk about a few different personas within Globomantics that
we're going to be Impersonating one is Elsie Vasquez.
She's a cloud architect,
and she's the primary person that we're going to be
acting on behalf of through the demos.
But she also has some other co workers, including JSON Gibson.
He's a security administrator, and he's got some concerns about moving to AWS.
He wants to make sure that his security tools can continue to work,
and we'll also be working with Joshua Magee.
He's a software engineer, and he's going to be Ri Plat,
forming some of the applications to run on a W s.
He's a newbie to terra form as well,
and we're gonna be helping guide him along the way. Now let's talk about providers for a moment and the AWS provider specifically.